Adding order of operations for expansion and decommission (#705)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/decommission-server-pool.rst

to the remaining pools in the deployment based on the ratio of free space
available in each pool.

> When upgrading an older set of hardware, add the new hardware before decommissioning the old hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For hardware replacement cycles where you replace old pool hardware with a new pool, you should add the new pool through expansion before starting the decommissioning of the old pool.
You must complete the *entire* expansion procedure before starting decommissioning.
Do not perform expand + decommission configuration changes in a single step.
```

Some tweaks to make this super, super explicit as to what not to do.

Reviewer: I actually wonder if we can take this chunk into an H2 with a title like "Server Pool Replacement Procedure" and have htis guidance there.

Author: Moving it to an H3 under Considerations.

Author: And updating with your suggested phrasing.

Prerequisites
-------------

> Add New hardware

Reviewer: IT's a pre-req, but we lead by saying 'this is not required'.

I think we can just create the H2 where we talk about "Replacing Aged Hardware" and have the guidance there"

If anything, this section should be something like:

```
Cluster Topology Stability
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Decommissioning requires the cluster topology remain stable throughout the process.
Do not perform expansion or similar topology alterations during the decommissioning process. 
You must complete any such alterations and verify their success before starting Decommissioning
```

or something.

Author: Yeah, that's a good point. This can't be a prerequisite.
Combining the suggestions into a Considerations H3 section instead.
